evenfold.  And the LORD set a mark upon Cain, lest
any finding him should kill him.  And Cain went out from the presence of
the LORD, and dwelt in the land of Nod, on the east of Eden.

And Cain knew his wife; and she conceived, and bare Enoch: and he builded
a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his son, Enoch.
And unto Enoch was born Irad: and Irad begat Mehujael: and Mehujael begat
Methusael: and Methusael begat Lamech.  And Lamech took unto him two wives:
the name of the one was Adah, and the name of the other Zillah.

And Adah bare Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in tents, and
of such as have cattle.  And his brother's name was Jubal: he was the
father of all such as handle the harp and organ.  And Zillah, she also bare
Tubalcain, an instructer of every artificer in brass and iron: and the
sister of Tubalcain was Naamah.  And Lamech said unto his wives, Adah and
Zillah, Hear my voice; ye wives of Lamech, hearken unto my speech: for I
have slain a man to my wounding, and a young man to my hurt.  If Cain shall
be avenged sevenfold, truly Lamech seventy and sevenfold.

And Adam knew his wife again; and she bare a son, and called his name Seth:
For God, said she, hath appointed me another seed instead of Abel, whom
Cain slew.  And to Seth, to him also there was born a son; and he called
his name Enos: then began men to call upon the name of the LORD.

This is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God created
man, in the likeness of God made he him; Male and female created he them;
and blessed them, and called their name Adam, in the day when they were
created.

And Adam lived an hundred and thirty years, and begat a son in his own
likeness, and after his image; and called his name Seth: And the
days of Adam after he had begotten Seth were eight hundred years: and he
begat sons and daughters: And all the days that Adam lived were nine
hundred and thirty years: and he died.

And Seth lived an hundred and five years, and begat Enos: And Seth lived
after he begat Enos eight hundred and seven years, and begat sons and
daughters: And all the days of Seth were nine hundred and twelve years:
and he died.

And Enos lived ninety years, and begat Cainan: And Enos lived after he
begat Cainan eight hundred and fifteen years, and begat sons and daughters:
And all the days of Enos were nine hundred and five years: and he died.

And Cainan lived seventy years and begat Mahalaleel: And Cainan lived after
he begat Mahalaleel eight hundred and forty years, and begat sons and
daughters: And all the days of Cainan were nine hundred and ten years: and
he died.

And Mahalaleel lived sixty and five years, and begat Jared: And Mahalaleel
lived after he begat Jared eight hundred and thirty years, and begat sons
and daughters: And all the days of Mahalaleel were eight hundred ninety
and five years: and he died.

And Jared lived an hundred sixty and two years, and he begat Enoch: And
Jared lived after he begat Enoch eight hundred years, and begat sons and
daughters: And all the days of Jared were nine hundred sixty and two years:
and he died.

And Enoch lived sixty and five years, and begat Methuselah: And Enoch
walked with God after he begat Methuselah three hundred years, and begat
sons and daughters: And all the days of Enoch were three hundred sixty and
five years: And Enoch walked with God: and he was not; for God took him.

And Methuselah lived an hundred eighty and seven years, and begat Lamech.
And Methuselah lived after he begat Lamech seven hundred eighty and two
years, and begat sons and daughters: And all the days of Methuselah were
nine hundred sixty and nine years: and he died.

And Lamech lived an hundred eighty and two years, and begat a son: And he
called his name Noah, saying, This same shall comfort us concerning our
work and toil of our hands, because of the ground which the LORD hath
cursed.  And Lamech lived after he begat Noah five hundred ninety and
five years, and begat sons and daughters: And all the days of Lamech were
seven hundred seventy and seven years: and he died.

And Noah was five hundred years old: and Noah begat Shem, Ham, and Japheth